Two ducks are swimming in a pond.
There is a big brown dog behind a small black cat.
A pencil and a book are placed on a table.
A blue police car is in front of a hospital.
Three dolphins are swimming behind a sailboat.
An airplane is flying between two clouds above mountains.
A tractor is in front of a barn. There are four cows in the barn.
There is a cat sitting on a couch.
A postcard and an envelope are lying under a mailbox.
A table is in a house. A television is placed on the table. There is a castle in the television.
There is an apple under a tree.
A bird is sitting on a fence.
There is a fish in a frying pan. The frying pan is on a stove.
A tiger is hiding behind a bush.
A remote control is under a couch.
There is a red flower in a vase on a table. A chair is behind the table.
A penguin is standing on a beach.
There is a house, and mountains behind it. The sun is rising above the mountains.
Two sailboats are sailing in the ocean under the moon.
A hot air baloon flies over a lighthouse on a beach.
A cat is sitting on a chair next to a couch.
Two horses are standing on green grass.
A helicopter landed on a hospital.
A fish is in a bathtub.
A teapot is on a table. A cup is next to the teapot.
A bunch of leaves are lying under a tree.
There is a red train on a bridge.
A calendar is above a house plant next to a clock. There is a red line across the calendar.
There is a cup on a table. A cat is under the table.
A pencil is on a book which is on a table.
A dog and a cat are sitting on a couch.
A dog is standing next to a cat which is under a tree.
A car is parked behind a bench and a tree.
A bench and a tree are behind a car.
Ringo would like to be under the sea, in an octopus' garden in the shade.
A black cat and a white cat are under a tree. The white cat is standing on a box.
Two ducks are swinmming in a pond which is next to a tree. a bench is under the tree.
A sailboat is at the ocean in a storm.

old bridge and new bridge over river .
cars trucks driving on the highway .
dog with his puppies in the winter park .
the garden in front of the building .
dog in front of the wood burning stove .
old broken wooden boat left on the white sand of tropical island .
sheep resting under a tree in the grounds .
dog typing on computer keyboard looking at the computer screen .
hermit crab on the beach .
lightning striking with a tree , horses and small barn .
donkey cart on the road flanked by poplar trees .
on a pond a beautiful black swan with white marks cleans feathers .
just the lighthouse and empty ocean .
mallard duck sitting in the weeds all camouflaged near the lake or pond .
cat and flowers in the garden .
duck and duckling swimming in the lake .
the red and white lighthouse on the rocky shore of the sea .
a wooden bench near an oak tree .
road in the park with a bench under a tree .
big expensive modern house on a hill with puffy white clouds .
a female mallard duck sitting on a grass in the sunshine .
flowers in a pot on the table .
big old tree in front of an old house .
sunrise above the clouds in the mountains .
a farmer working in his fields .
sheep in the field next to the house .
a small waterfall under a bridge .
cute puppy lying under the table .
cows and horses graze in the meadow .
clouds lying low over a lake .

farm tractor is moving on the field , cultivating land .
the road next to the sea .
cattle on rural farmland near the town .
cargo ship on the sea .
cute kitten in a cup .
a farm with house , barn and horses .
little house in the field .
sheep grazing on the highlands .
trees have grown around the doors .
mixed breed puppy laying in the grass .
cute dog with leash is waiting for walk in front of the house .
a bear standing against a tree with forest background .
an anchored sailboat and sunrise reflected in the calm waters .
newly built small house next to the sea and the beach .
